SEO Article Updates (#5933)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/churn-rate-vs-retention-rate.md

  - Explainers
---

Here's what you need to know about churn rate and retention rate:

- **Churn rate** is the percentage of customers who **stop using** your product during a given period of time.

- **Retention rate** is the percentage of **existing customers** who **continue using** your product. 

So, if you have 1,000 customers and 100 of them cancel their subscription, your monthly churn rate would be 10% and your retention rate would be 90%.

In this guide, I'll cover:
- How and when to use each metric
- How to measure churn rate and retention

> - Industry benchmarks for churn and retention rates

Reviewer: Optional, but links here?

- The types of files they upload
- User job titles, company type, or myriad other properties

Cohort retention tables are also useful for tracking revenue retention, especially if you charge based on usage. 

Positive revenue retention (i.e. more than 100%) indicates users increase their spend over time. Needless to say, this is a good thing.

## 9 ways improve retention and reduce churn 🚀

> So, how do you improve retention and reduce churn? Talking to users is a vital component – we're [constantly talking to users](/blog/10x-engineers-do-user-interviews) – but here are some tactical moves to consider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, how do you improve retention and reduce churn? Talking to users is a vital component – we're [constantly talking to users](/blog/10x-engineers-do-user-interviews) – but here are some other tactics to consider.
```
